seo: Add Meta descriptions per page (#761)
FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard: docs/layouts/types/grid.md

---

> description: Maximize dashboard space with the grid layout in Node-RED Dashboard 2.0, offering flexible organization.

Reviewer: Not sure this description is a good fit.

The benefits of grid layout are more about flexibility and responsive layouts for adapting to different screen sizes.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Create flexible and responsive layouts using a grid system for Node-RED Dashboard 2.0.
```
